Ryan (Sales): Hi Sarah, thanks so much for, uh, making time today. Really appreciate it.
Sarah (Client): Of course, yeah. We've been, um, looking at a few platforms and NovaPulse kept coming up, so wanted to, like, hear more.
Ryan (Sales): Great to hear. So before I, uh, dive into anything, can I just understand a bit more about, you know, where you are today?
Sarah (Client): Sure. So we're about 180 people, mid-market retailer, and right now we have, like, seven or eight separate reporting tools that nobody talks to each other.
Sarah (Client): Our BI team spends, um, easily 30 or 40 hours a week just reconciling data. It's, you know, honestly a mess.
Ryan (Sales): Yeah that's, uh, really common actually. That reconciliation burden is exactly the pain point we hear most often. Can I ask, like, which tools specifically are you running?
Sarah (Client): We have Tableau for dashboards, a legacy on-prem BI tool from, I think, 2016, Salesforce obviously, and then, um, like three or four internal spreadsheet-based things.
Ryan (Sales): Got it, so there's no, you know, single source of truth and your team is essentially the human middleware between all of these. That's a tough spot to be in.
Sarah (Client): Exactly. And I need to show the CFO, like, a clear business case for whatever we move to. She's very numbers-focused.
Ryan (Sales): Totally, and I want to make sure we build that case properly. So let me just walk you through, um, what NovaPulse actually is at a high level and then we can map it to your situation.
Ryan (Sales): NovaPulse is a cloud-native business intelligence and workflow automation platform. It's, uh, built specifically for mid-market organisations like yours.
Ryan (Sales): The core idea is one platform, one data model. So every module, you know, whether it's analytics, CRM connectors, automation, or alerts, they all share the same data.
Sarah (Client): Okay so when you say one data model, what does that mean practically? Like, how is that different from what we have now?
Ryan (Sales): Great question. So right now, if a sales figure changes in Salesforce, you have to manually update your Tableau workbooks and your, um, spreadsheet reports separately. They're all separate systems.
Ryan (Sales): In NovaPulse, there's a single data layer that everything reads from. So a change in the CRM connector module reflects, like, everywhere instantly. No reconciliation step.
Sarah (Client): Oh interesting. And how does the Salesforce integration actually work? Is it, like, a one-way sync or two-way?
Ryan (Sales): It's bi-directional. The CRM Connector Hub, um, which is one of our eight core modules, supports real-time two-way sync with Salesforce out of the box.
Ryan (Sales): So you can push data into Salesforce from NovaPulse, pull from it, set up webhook-triggered automations. It's all, you know, managed through the Admin Console without needing engineering time.
Sarah (Client): That's good because we don't have a lot of engineering bandwidth. Our IT team is, uh, pretty stretched.
Ryan (Sales): That's honestly one of our strongest selling points. The platform is built for, um, business users and analysts, not just engineers. The no-code workflow builder and the drag-and-drop dashboard studio are designed for that.
Sarah (Client): Okay I want to come back to the dashboards in a second but, um, can you walk me through what the eight modules actually are?
Ryan (Sales): Of course. So we have: Identity and Access Management, the Data Ingestion Engine, the Analytics and Reporting Studio, the Workflow Automation Builder, the CRM Connector Hub, the Notification and Alerting Service, the Audit and Compliance Module, and the Admin Console.
Ryan (Sales): All eight share that single data model we talked about and you access them all through, uh, one sign-on session.
Sarah (Client): Okay that's a lot. I'm most interested in the analytics side and the CRM piece. Can we, like, go deeper on those?
Ryan (Sales): Absolutely. So the Analytics and Reporting Studio, um, has a drag-and-drop dashboard builder with over 60 chart types. We're talking Sankey diagrams, geospatial heat maps, network graphs, funnels, all of that.
Ryan (Sales): Dashboards refresh in under two seconds via WebSocket connections. So it's, like, genuinely real-time, not a refresh-every-hour kind of thing.
Sarah (Client): Okay two seconds is impressive. We currently wait, like, overnight for some of our dashboards to update. That would be a huge change.
Ryan (Sales): Yeah and that's actually one of the, uh, most common things we hear after customers go live. The real-time nature changes how people actually use data.
Sarah (Client): What about chart customisation? We have a very specific brand palette and our exec team is, um, particular about how things look.
Ryan (Sales): So on the Business and Enterprise plans you get full custom theming. You can apply your brand's colour palette, typography, logos. And for, like, external-facing analytics you can do white-labelled embedded dashboards.
Sarah (Client): White-labelled? So we could embed a NovaPulse dashboard into our, um, internal portal and it would look native?
Ryan (Sales): Exactly, via iFrame or the Embed SDK. It's included in the Business plan, you don't need a separate licence for it unlike, uh, some competitors.
Sarah (Client): Interesting. What about mobile? Our regional managers are out in stores a lot and they need access to, you know, sales data on the go.
Ryan (Sales): We have native iOS and Android apps, no extra cost for paid subscribers. Managers can view real-time dashboards, receive push alerts, and there's, um, even an offline mode that caches recent reports.
Sarah (Client): Offline mode is actually really useful because some of our stores are in, like, areas with poor connectivity.
Ryan (Sales): Yeah it's particularly popular with retail and field service customers for that exact reason. The app shows a timestamp on cached content so, you know, users always know how fresh the data is.
Sarah (Client): Okay. Now the technical question I know our IT director is going to ask. What are the, um, infrastructure requirements? We've been burned before by a SaaS tool that had terrible performance.
Ryan (Sales): So for you as a cloud-hosted customer, there are no infrastructure requirements on your side. We handle everything. You're on multi-tenant SaaS, Veltrix manages all, uh, wait sorry, NovaPulse manages all provisioning and updates.
Sarah (Client): Ha, did you just say Veltrix?
Ryan (Sales): Oh, uh, I apologise, I got my wires crossed for a second there. NovaPulse. The platform we're discussing. I've been in back-to-back calls.
Sarah (Client): No worries, I figured. Okay so no infra requirements for us, that's good. What about concurrent users?
Ryan (Sales): On the standard multi-tenant architecture, you get up to 500 concurrent active sessions. For a 180-person team you're well within that. And if you ever scale past that threshold we move you to, like, dedicated infrastructure automatically.
Sarah (Client): And what about the API? Our dev team will want to know if we can build on top of NovaPulse for some internal tools.
Ryan (Sales): We have both REST and GraphQL APIs. REST follows OpenAPI 3.0, GraphQL supports complex nested queries and real-time WebSocket subscriptions. SDKs in Python, JavaScript, Java, Go, and Ruby.
Sarah (Client): GraphQL is good because our dev team has been moving in that direction. Is there, like, interactive documentation anywhere?
Ryan (Sales): Yes, docs.novapulse.io slash api has a live GraphQL playground and the full OpenAPI spec. Your dev team can explore it, um, before we even get to contract stage.
Sarah (Client): That's helpful. Okay, last thing for today, um, the MFA and security side. Our compliance team will need reassurance on that front.
Ryan (Sales): So MFA is supported on all plans, including TOTP apps, hardware security keys like YubiKey, and push notifications. Admins can enforce it at the org or team level.
Ryan (Sales): We're SOC 2 Type II certified, audited annually, and ISO 27001 colon 2022 certified. All data at rest is encrypted with AES-256-GCM and data in transit uses TLS 1.3 by default.
Sarah (Client): SOC 2 Type II is what our compliance team will want to see. Can we get a copy of the report?
Ryan (Sales): Absolutely, it's available under NDA for qualified prospects. I'll, uh, include that in the follow-up email along with the technical overview document.
Sarah (Client): Perfect. This has been really helpful. I think the, um, next step is probably getting our IT director and BI lead on a call to go deeper.
Ryan (Sales): Agreed, and I'd love to, like, run a live demo with your actual use case as the backdrop rather than generic sample data. Would that work?
Sarah (Client): Yes that would be much more useful. Okay I'll send you some times. Thanks Ryan, this was genuinely helpful.
Ryan (Sales): Brilliant, thank you Sarah. I'll get the follow-up out by end of day with the SOC 2 report, the API docs link, and a summary of what we covered. Talk soon.